/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.dtd
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.emacs-lisp
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.fortran
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.gettext
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.go
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.haskell
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.lex
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.lua
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.m4
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.makefile
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.markdown
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.objc
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.ocaml
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.octave
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.pascal
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.perl
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.php
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.plain
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.prolog
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.python
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.r
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.ruby
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.scheme
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.sed
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.sql
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.sqlite
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.swift
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.tcl
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.tex
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.texinfo
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.troff
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.xml
/home/kwong/NetBeansProjects/jtk/modules/mode.yacc

Features from jedit

#{{{ Function keys
help.shortcut=F1
show-context-menu.shortcut=CONTEXT_MENU
#}}}

#{{{ C+X
complete-word.shortcut=C+b
delete-line.shortcut=C+d
# C+e is a prefix
find.shortcut=C+f
find-next.shortcut=F3
# C+h is not usable on MacOS X
indent-lines.shortcut=C+i
join-lines.shortcut=C+j
swap-marker.shortcut=C+k
goto-line.shortcut=C+g
# C+m is a prefix
new-file-in-mode.shortcut=CS+n
reload.shortcut=F5
print.shortcut=C+p
exit.shortcut=C+q
# C+r is a prefix
add-marker-shortcut.shortcut=C+t
select-marker.shortcut=C+u
close-buffer.shortcut=C+w
goto-marker.shortcut=C+y
unsplit-current.shortcut=C+0
unsplit.shortcut=C+1
split-horizontal.shortcut=C+2
split-vertical.shortcut=C+3
resplit.shortcut=C+4
#}}}

#{{{ C+non-alpha
delete-start-line.shortcut=CS+BACK_SPACE
delete-end-line.shortcut=CS+DELETE
prev-paragraph.shortcut=C+UP
next-paragraph.shortcut=C+DOWN
select-prev-paragraph.shortcut=CS+UP
select-next-paragraph.shortcut=CS+DOWN
backspace-word.shortcut=C+BACK_SPACE
delete-word.shortcut=C+DELETE
action-bar.shortcut=C+ENTER
prev-buffer.shortcut=C+PAGE_UP
next-buffer.shortcut=C+PAGE_DOWN
last-action.shortcut=C+SPACE

recent-buffer.shortcut=C+BACK_QUOTE
select-block.shortcut=C+OPEN_BRACKET
match-bracket.shortcut=C+CLOSE_BRACKET
expand-abbrev.shortcut=C+SEMICOLON
quick-search.shortcut=C+COMMA
hypersearch.shortcut=C+PERIOD
scroll-up-line.shortcut=C+QUOTE
scroll-down-line.shortcut=C+SLASH
toggle-multi-select.shortcut=C+BACK_SLASH
#}}}

#{{{ C+e C+X
# Unused: f, h, q, y
copy-append.shortcut=C+e C+a
search-in-open-buffers.shortcut=C+e C+b
range-comment.shortcut=C+e C+c
search-in-directory.shortcut=C+e C+d
replace-and-find-next.shortcut=C+e C+g
ignore-case.shortcut=C+e C+i
scroll-to-current-line.shortcut=C+e C+j
line-comment.shortcut=C+e C+k
select-line-range.shortcut=C+e C+l
add-marker.shortcut=C+e C+m
center-caret.shortcut=C+e C+n
scroll-and-center.shortcut=C+l
open-path.shortcut=C+e C+o
vertical-paste.shortcut=C+e C+p
replace-in-selection.shortcut=C+e C+r
save-all.shortcut=C+e C+s
toggle-line-numbers.shortcut=C+e C+t
cut-append.shortcut=C+e C+u
paste-previous.shortcut=C+e C+v
close-all.shortcut=C+e C+w
regexp.shortcut=C+e C+x
paste-deleted.shortcut=C+e C+y
redo.shortcut=C+e C+z
#}}}

#{{{ C+e C+non-alpha
left-docking-area.shortcut=C+e C+LEFT
top-docking-area.shortcut=C+e C+UP
right-docking-area.shortcut=C+e C+RIGHT
bottom-docking-area.shortcut=C+e C+DOWN
toggle-full-screen.shortcut=F11
toggle-dock-areas.shortcut=F12
combined-options.shortcut=C+F12
prev-marker.shortcut=C+e C+COMMA
next-marker.shortcut=C+e C+PERIOD
prev-bracket.shortcut=C+e C+OPEN_BRACKET
next-bracket.shortcut=C+e C+CLOSE_BRACKET
close-docking-area.shortcut=C+e C+BACK_QUOTE
#}}}

#{{{ C+e X
# Unused: b e g h j k m o q t y z
add-explicit-fold.shortcut=C+e a
collapse-all-folds.shortcut=C+e c
delete-paragraph.shortcut=C+e d
format-paragraph.shortcut=C+e f
find-previous.shortcut=C+e g
invert-selection.shortcut=C+e i
select-line.shortcut=C+e l
narrow-to-fold.shortcut=C+e n n
narrow-to-selection.shortcut=C+e n s
select-paragraph.shortcut=C+e p
remove-trailing-ws.shortcut=C+e r
select-fold.shortcut=C+e s
insert-literal.shortcut=C+e v
select-word.shortcut=C+e w
parent-fold.shortcut=C+e u
expand-all-folds.shortcut=C+e x
#}}}

#{{{ C+e non-alpha
expand-folds.shortcut=C+e ENTER
#}}}

#{{{ C+m C+X
record-temp-macro.shortcut=C+m C+m
run-temp-macro.shortcut=C+m C+p
record-macro.shortcut=C+m C+r
stop-recording.shortcut=C+m C+s
last-macro.shortcut=C+m C+l
#}}}

#{{{ C+r C+X
copy-append-string-register.shortcut=C+r C+a
copy-string-register.shortcut=C+r C+c
clear-register.shortcut=C+r C+l
vertical-paste-string-register.shortcut=C+r C+p
cut-append-string-register.shortcut=C+r C+u
paste-string-register.shortcut=C+r C+v
cut-string-register.shortcut=C+r C+x
#}}}

#{{{ A+non-alpha
prev-fold.shortcut=A+UP
next-fold.shortcut=A+DOWN
shift-left.shortcut=A+LEFT
shift-right.shortcut=A+RIGHT
collapse-fold.shortcut=A+BACK_SPACE
expand-fold.shortcut=AS+ENTER
expand-one-level.shortcut=A+ENTER
quick-search-word.shortcut=A+COMMA
hypersearch-word.shortcut=A+PERIOD
scroll-up-page.shortcut=A+QUOTE
scroll-down-page.shortcut=A+SLASH
prev-textarea.shortcut=A+PAGE_UP
next-textarea.shortcut=A+PAGE_DOWN

focus-buffer-switcher.shortcut=A+BACK_QUOTE
toggle-rect-select.shortcut=A+BACK_SLASH
#}}}
